they call their group Jewish voice for
peace and when President Joe Biden came
to New York for a campaign fundraiser
members took to the streets to protest
against Israel's war on Gaza and the use
of us tax dollars to fund it dozens were
taken away in handcuffs as a Jewish
person I want it perfectly clear to
people that not all Jews support this
look at them and they're young people
and they're not going to tolerate it
anymore not in our name Never Again
74-year-old Sam cpr's grandparents and
much of his extended family were killed
in the Holocaust the October 7th attack
was horrible but this this is not the
answer to that the only solution is a
political
solution from stins in the US capital to
demonstrations in Toronto and London
Jewish groups are increasingly leading
the calls for peace we have rabbis in
the movement we also have people from
across the entire Spectrum so everyone
from kind of absolute secular atheists
to like very deeply religious they've
been overshadowed by more established
pro-israel groups like the ones behind
this March attended by many US
politicians in November we stand with
Israel but a new poll by The Institute
for social policy and understanding
found 50% of American Jews do support a
ceasefire New York is home to the
largest population of Jews outside of
Israel and they've long been a political
force to be reckoned with but their
unconditional support for Israel can't
be taken for granted by politicians
after weekly demonstrations like this
one the group if not now gathered
outside the New York office of the US
Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer and sang a traditional song for
peace there are more of us than people
realize Young American Jews but also
more American Jews in general are not
buying into this framework that pits
Palestinians and Israelis and
Palestinians and Jews against each other
anymore they hope to shine a light on
the long-standing oppression of
Palestinians and the financial support
that has allowed it to continue Kristen
salumi Al jazer New
York
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer